# MSV Hypatia // 28.3.5016U
We avoided a potential catastrophe after the **USF** attacked us on our way to Scirocco V. However, even with the time we bought, the ship seems to still be malfunctioning. The onboard maps show an **Old Humanity** facility on an orbit-locked asteroid field. Risky as it may be, we need to touch downand conduct emergency repairs to the ship's cooling system, lest we risk burning up on atmospheric re-entry. The new pilots seem to be reliable enough for the time being, however caution is still extremely important, especially with the lack of access to Schedule 2 and above printers. The Alexandria mechs are for the time being **DLI** property and need to be treated as such.

# MSV Hypatia // 25.3.5016U
It has been a week since the Military Personnel Vessel Hypatia escaped the now destroyed artificial colony **Alexandria**. The reserve pilots in charge of the Lancer suits perished during the attacks, forcing the captain to enlist the services of people of lesser expertise, all refugees from the colony. Contact with HQ has approved the use of civilians in this military operation in the interests of saving the surviving populace. The USF seems determined in its pursuit. An ensuing skirmish seems unavoidable.

# MSV Hypatia // 18.3.5016U
**USF** combatants have assaulted the neutral colony **Alexandria** in order to root out **DLI** operatives in the area, citing "overwhelming threat" as just cause. Alexandria militia and operatives have been dealt a severe strike in an attempt to escape using the prototype military vessel MSV Hypatia, now comandeered by surviving DLI members. A vote was held between the civilians of the ex-colony, all of them voting in favor of evacuation to a different neutral planet. Captain **Richard Moses** has agreed to the terms, setting course to the desert planet Scirocco V, the closest planet to the now desolated Alexandria. The crew is now looking for people capable of manning the prototype Lancer GMS frames found on the ship. Questioning has failed to show as to why the neutral colony was in possession of these suits as of now.
