Bravo Bravo was born and raised for special and covert operations by a mercenary organization. He was taught to follow orders, and not ask questions. Moderately acceptable in his success, he was mostly hired to perform assassinations. He would eventually be given a voice synthesizer to remove any recognizable identity beyond his face, though it was also because he failed a dangerous mission and got a grotesque injury to his face, resulting in the destruction of his vocal cords. He continued to perform important missions for various entities and people willing to pay a discount. Eventually, the mercenary organization fell apart due to its questionable practices, and he was let off. Left with nothing else to do or get paid for, Bravo managed to volunteer for lancership.

Bravo Bravo is clearly not a man of charm or speech. Though any personality and identity were suppressed while he worked, his new life as a Pilot offers a new chance to become someone more than a simple tool. While he has a long way to go, with even his voice being inhuman, there is a small speck hidden in the deepest depths of his heart aching for a chance to become the greatest idol dancer on this side of the galaxy. But this dream lies overshadowed by his urge for the work that once was. If his urge had its way, he would simply choose another mercenary organization to pursue. It was only this tiny dancer speck that persuaded him to become a lancer, to prevent him from falling further down into inhumanity. While most of his body doubts that becoming a lancer is any different, his inner voice has a feeling this is just what he needs to become the human he never was and prepare him for his true dream.
